Then we'll cover the Lighthouse tab.
This one's great.
This has been kind of
a cool story to watch.
So years ago, Chrome came out
with this idea of Lighthouse.
It used to have an audit tab,
which kind of did similar things that
came out of this idea of Lighthouse.
It's like fully open source.
It's contributed to by all these great
people and it's just cool rules for,
your site should have a first
paint in this much time.
Or if you say it's a progressive web app,
it should work offline.
Or if it should be accessible for
people with disabilities or
you should be taking advantage of Google's
SEO recommendations, all this stuff.
So they came out with this
idea of Lighthouse and
it used to live on its own website.
And so
in my last time teaching this course,
I was use the audit if it's a local site.
And if it's not a local site,
go to Lighthouse and use Lighthouse.
Lighthouse is awesome.
But now Lighthouse is fully integrated
with the dev tools itself, which is great.
So you can do it all on a local site.
Just to explain what I mean by that.
If you have a great site like web page
test is one of the best ways of like
analyzing your site, but
you have to a URL and hid it, right?
So if you haven't published your app yet,
you can't use that website to measure it.
So the dev tools are great, cuz even like
we are if you're just on a local host,
you can still run it.
So I haven't published yet, but
I wanna know how it's doing.
So Lighthouse is this full page audits,
we'll talk about all these
great stuff its get.
It's the place I'll always recommend
starting if you're trying to gauge
performance of a new app.
Come here, it'll give you so
much feedback before you have to dive
into the weeds of network memory CPU.
And also it can do other cool things,
it can emulate devices.
So this little button over here to
the left,, you can click it and
it will give you all these different
options for exact screen sizes.
So for folks that do a lot of front-end
work and design, you can see exactly what
your site will look like on a pixel two or
something like that.
And more than just shrinking your screen,
this will actually send
the appropriate headers.
So if you have a server that
reads in the request header and
says, it's a mobile device, go here.
Otherwise, send this.
This will convince you that
it is a mobile device.
You can zoom in and
you can actually test out.
I hope you can see, but my mouse cursor
is turned into a little touch circle.
And so you can test out touch events too,
which is which is really nice.
Click that to go back and the last thing
is this nice little element Finder.
I use this a lot and
I see people not using this a lot.
So if you're looking for
a specific element like this emoji or
something like that rather
than going into elements and
trying to like drill down into it
this way, you can click on this and
then you can start moving around and
it'll hover on different things.
And whatever your click on,
whatever it's hovering, it'll focus that.
So I click on elements and
it clicks it in here, and
I can find that emoji really quickly.
At the end, we'll go into a bunch
of different settings and
some experiments and some really cool
stuff that you can do over here.
But that's kind of the cover for
the most part.
The other thing that's important is
you can choose where it's docked.
So you can go to the right,
to the left or pop it out.
And one thing that's kind of interesting
when we did the network tab, right,
we did screenshots, but the screenshots
you can see are really minor.
And the reason is since we
have the dev tools open here,
Chrome only has to render this
exposed part of the screen.
So you won't get a full screenshot
of your app, unless you go here.
Pop them out and then you refresh.
And now that Chrome actually
has to render the full site,
you'll get full size screenshots.
So that's kind of the high-level
view of each panel.
We're gonna be spending
a lot of time in each one.
But just so when you see them,
you can be, I know what that one's for.
That one does memory stuff for
that one checks HTTPS or
that was the step through debugger,
those kinds of things.